v1.5
  Big elements and small elements are to be handled with a top hat transform
  For the salt grains an opening or closing can be done
  
v1.4
  After showing the results of the model to my friend, he analyzed them and gave me a feedback on the results. 
  The model showed a good response on ID'ing the junctions, both that are on focus and those that are blurred. The problem is that it is only of interest the junctions that 
  are in focus, not the ones that are blurred. 
  For improving the model, the idea is to update the template. Remake the template and select only the juntcions that are not blurred, that is the improvement of this version
  
  The results are in the folder images/results/
 
  The comparison between the original images, v1.3 and v1.4 show an improvement within the selected junction. The selected junction is more likely not to be a blurry one and 
  the ammount of salt grain is reduced in comparision with v1.3. Some big elements have also showed up, together with some small ones, but some posterior filtering can 
  help improve the quality of the image.
  
  The next elements to be treated here are:
    - big elements
    - small elements
    - faulty areas with some salt grains 
  

v1.3
  Following the results of v1.2.1, some 3 new images are added as templates for improving the model. 
  The images used are the ones that were used for tests in previous version. The new templates are uploaded in templates folder and the results are also in the respective folder.
  The model showed good results on identifying the junctions and not some other parts that it ws previously identifying. Also the model presented less salt grains than 
  previous runs

v1.2
  New features for the bank. Use original image and gaussian filter for the bank
  v1.2.0
    use of the folowing features: original image and multiple gaussian features
  v1.2.1
    use only of original image as the feature, in grayscale
  v1.2.2
    use only the gaussian  filter as the feature
   
   The image results from v1.2 showed an improvement, although some difference between each version was still visible. 
   So far the results in v1.2 with less salt grains were in v1.2.1 (check in image folder). 
   comparison between versions v1.0, v1.1 and v1.2.1 showerd again v1.2.1 had less salt grains spread across the image, together with a more uniform image result.

v1.1
  image pre-processing for improoving feature extraction
    tests with different histograme qualization methods for improoving th eimage quality;
  Pre-processing will not be used here, although the various histogram equalizations have shown as a good feature for adding in the img db
    white gridlines showed up in all images, I could not figure out how to solve it

v1.0 
  image processing
    filter banks with features and variations
      gauss filter with different sigma,
      prewitt, scharr, sobel, roberts, canny
      gabor with multiple kernels
  ML model 
    A RFC with n_estiamtors = 10;
    To train the model, it was used 4 images previously segmented;
    For evaluation of the features withing the model, a feature importance distribution histogram was plotted;
 Test
    3 images were used for testing;
    the result showed a segmentation, but it had some salt grains sprayed all over the image
    
    
  
